The President:
Hi, everybody.
Four years after the worst
economic crisis of our
lifetimes, our economy is
growing again and creating jobs.
But we have much more to do.
Our task now is to
build on that progress.
Because this nation only
succeeds when we've got a
growing, thriving middle class.
That's what drives me.
That's what I campaigned
on for the past year.
That's what will guide me in our
work over the next four years.
And I'm willing to work with
anyone of any party to move this
country forward.
Because soon, we face a very
clear deadline that requires us
to make some big decisions
on jobs and taxes;
on investments and deficits.
Both parties voted
to set this deadline.
And I believe both parties can
work together to make these
decisions in a balanced
and responsible way.
When it comes to
taxes, for example,
there are two
paths available.
One says, if Congress fails
to act by the end of the year,
then everybody's taxes
automatically go up --
including the 98% of
Americans who make less than
$250,000 a year.
Our economy just can't
afford that right now.
You can't afford that right now.
And nobody wants that to happen.
The other path is for Congress
to pass a law right away to
prevent a tax hike on the first
$250,000 of anyone's income.
That means all Americans --
including the wealthiest
Americans -- get a tax cut.
And 98% of Americans, and 97%
of all small business owners,
won't see their income
taxes go up a single dime.
The Senate has already
passed a bill like this.
Democrats in the House are
ready to pass one, too.
All we need is for Republicans
in the House to come on board.
We shouldn't hold the middle
class hostage while Congress
debates tax cuts
for the wealthy.
Let's begin our work by actually
doing what we all agree on.
Let's keep taxes low
for the middle class.
And let's get it done soon --
so we can give families and
businesses some good news
going into the holiday season.
I know these challenges
won't be easy to solve.
But we can do it if
we work together.
That's why on Friday I sat down
with Congressional leaders to
discuss how we can reduce
our deficit in a way that
strengthens our economy and
protects our middle class.
It was a constructive meeting.
And everyone agreed that while
we may have our differences,
we need to come together, find
solutions and take action as
soon as possible.
Because if anything, that's the
message I heard loud and clear
in the election.
Work as hard as you can
to make our lives better.
And do it together.
Don't worry about the politics.
Just get it done.
Everywhere I went
during the campaign --
from the farms of Iowa
to the Vegas strip;
from Colorado's Rockies
to the Florida coast --
I was inspired by the grit
and resilience of the American
people, by your hard work
and sense of decency.
And it makes me want to
work even harder for you.
I saw it again this
week in New York,
where our fellow citizens are
going through a really tough
time, but are helping
each other through it.
And we're going to be
there to help them rebuild.
Every single day, the good
people of this country work as
hard as you can to meet
your responsibilities.
Those of us that you send to
Washington have to do the same.
Thanks and have a great weekend.